{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Connor Fourt}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Project Log:\
\
Resources used - \
\
1. Objective C Succicntly. \
2. iOS Apprentice 1.\
3. Trainsignal (new name)\
4. AppCoda.com\
5. Raywenderlich.com\
6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://eureka.ykyuen.info/category/objective-c/"}}{\fldrslt http://eureka.ykyuen.info/category/objective-c/}}\
7. Text Label - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://textcraft.net"}}{\fldrslt http://textcraft.net}}\
8. Initial Map Render -  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://superpixeltime.com"}}{\fldrslt http://superpixeltime.com}}\
9. From picture - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_kV9ZnGnZL7M/TBT_17VrZXI/AAAAAAAADtY/FUBe6I-Uw_c/s1600/mapgen2-output.png"}}{\fldrslt http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_kV9ZnGnZL7M/TBT_17VrZXI/AAAAAAAADtY/FUBe6I-Uw_c/s1600/mapgen2-output.png}}\
10.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2013/061/d/2/hd_ss_anne_full_size_wip_by_of_nihility-d5wp1ml.png"}}{\fldrslt http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2013/061/d/2/hd_ss_anne_full_size_wip_by_of_nihility-d5wp1ml.png}}\
11. \
\
\
Knowledge outcomes:\
1. Much better understanding of objects, classes and how to properly use them.\
2. Much better understanding of getters and setters regarding \'93properties\'94\
3. Understanding of class variables, methods etc. \
4. Understanding singletons, how to pass them, how to instantiate them, how to use them for global variables and the like. \
\
\
\
\strike \strikec0 - Instead of introducing global variables, simply passing the information in between viewcontrollers fixes everything. This does introduce a sort of pipeflow issue where everything you need has to be passed to a separate state. While unfortunate, I don\'92t mind. As long as it works. \
\
}